
1)IMO ML is us giving an ability to machines to learn which results in their devolopment. 

2)Supervised Learning means that a machine is learning withing given information which includes answers too. SL is used when our label is a continous variable.
They can see and learn how to respond to a specific or a similar question with those given answers and datas. 
Eg: Regression problems , random forest for classification , vector machines. 


3)Unsupervised Learning means machine is learning by given data but instead of giving answers no answer is given. 
There is no goal . The aim is to discover data patterns.
Eg: Customer segments , clustering problems , apriori algorithm 

4)Validation set: examples that are given which is used to control the parameter classifiers. We need them because they help us to select parameter also to avoid overfitting . 
  Test Set : group of examples used to assess the performance of a fully defined classifier. We need them because give us an unbiased evaluation of our final product. 

5) Information flow within AI module goes like ; 
 Firslty we define our prject in question. We import data libraries then we explore datas.Later on we pre process our data which is followed by model building. 
 After on , we move on to our model deployment then model management and prediction. Our final part is evaluating our results. 

However , if we want to make a project our steps would be 
gathering information / data - preparation step - choosing our parameters and models - testing - evaulating - tuning - predcition and final model decision 

Gathering data 
As mentioned in its name we gather data at this step. We look for datas that are suitable for project. 
Quality and quantity quality matter a lot because they also define our model's quality. 

Preparing Data 
We load our data and preapre it for our ml project. We can also make visualations of our data to see any relationships 

Preprocess 
We check our datas which means we look whether there are any imbalanced data , wrongly repeated values or missing values. We also detect outliers. Scalling , binning , extraction , encoding , cross validitation and validation also happen at this step. 


6) Continous variable means that in the measurement we took , there are no one point  but lowest and highest points. We can use unlimited number of values. 
  Supervised learning is used if we are working with cont var. 

discrete variables can take on specific values only unlike continious who can take unlimited no of values. 
Discrete variable can be used in modelling of binary and multiclass classification problems. 






















Quantitative data displayed over time . Line charts , graphs , tables and maps can be used. 
    Quant. data gives us info that we can measure that we can  express with numbers. 
 
